---
title: "Unlocking the Dilemma of AI Existence - Challenging Threats or Seizing Opportunities"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2023-12-22-talk
venue: "Zoom Meeting"
date: 2023-12-22
location: "Institut Teknologi Telkom Purwokerto, Indonesia"
---

### *Abstract*
In this enlightening talk, we delve into the intricate and often controversial realm of Artificial Intelligence (AI) and its multifaceted impact on modern society. As AI continues to evolve at a rapid pace, it presents a unique set of dilemmas that straddle the fine line between beneficial opportunities and potential threats. This session, "Unlocking the Dilemma of AI Existence - Challenging Threats or Seizing Opportunities," aims to provide a comprehensive understanding of these issues.

We will embark on a journey exploring the current state of AI, demystifying its core concepts, and unraveling its capabilities and limitations. Our discussion will cover the spectrum of AI applications in various industries, highlighting how AI is revolutionising fields such as healthcare, finance, transportation, and more, while also acknowledging the ethical, privacy, and security concerns that accompany its integration.

### *Speaker's Profile*
**Chee Peng LIM** received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Sheffield, UK, in 1997.  His research focuses on computational intelligence (CI)-based models and their applications.  He has published over 600 technical papers, edited 8 books and 15 invited special issues in journals, and received 10 best paper awards in international conferences.  He collaborates closely with researchers in the international arena, with the support of numerous prestigious international fellowships. These include the Australia-India Senior Visiting Fellowship by Australian Academy of Science, Australia-Japan Emerging Research Leaders Exchange Program by Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering, UK Commonwealth Fellowship at University of Cambridge, US Fulbright Fellowship at University of California, Berkeley as well as Visiting Scientists Program of Office of Naval Research Global at both Harvard University and Stanford University. 

**Choo Yit Hong** is currently doing his Ph.D. degree at Institute for Intelligent Systems Research and Innovation, Deakin University, Australia.  His research focuses on developing state-of-the-art multi-objective optimisation algorithms and applying them to solve real-world problems. His project is a joint PhD program with Rail Manufacturing Cooperative Research Centre, working on optimising the maintenance schedules for rolling stocks with industrial partners in Melbourne and Sydney.  Specifically, he utilises advanced data analytics to extract information from complex databases and develops an evolutionary-based decision support tool to assist industrial partners in formulating an optimal maintenance schedule for rolling stocks. In addition to academic endeavours, he works with Ultimate Victoria to deliver ultimate frisbee coaching sessions to primary and secondary schools in the Geelong region. He has been recently promoted to Head Coach of the Victorian Under 22 Country/Tasmania team for 2023 and has received the Ellipsis Coaching Scholarship to further his coaching career in ultimate frisbee.

### *Session Details:*
Date: 22 December 2023, Friday

Time: 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm (Indonesia Time)

Venue: Zoom Meeting