---
title: "Intelligent Data Analytics with Artificial Intelligence Models"
collection: talks
type: "Talk"
permalink: /talks/2023-01-30-talk
venue: "Monash University, Malaysia"
date: 2023-01-30
location: "Malaysia"
---

*Abstract*
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is a broad field that encompasses a variety of methodologies inspired by human and/or natural intelligence. In this talk, various AI paradigms, e.g., neural/fuzzy/evolutionary computational models, for data analytics, knowledge inference, and multi-objective optimisation will be presented. Several useful properties of AI models for developing decision support systems, which include knowledge elicitation and trust measurement, will be exemplified. Real-world applications of AI models in business, financial and industrial sectors will also be demonstrated.

*Speaker's Profile*
**Lim Chee Peng** received his Ph.D. degree from the University of Sheffield, UK, in 1997. His research focuses on computational intelligence-based models and their applications.  He has published over 550 technical papers, edited 8 books and 15 invited special issues in journals, and received 8 best paper awards in international conferences.  He collaborates closely with researchers in the international arena, with the support of numerous prestigious international fellowships. These include the Australia-India Senior Visiting Fellowship by Australian Academy of Science, Australia-Japan Emerging Research Leaders Exchange Program by Australian Academy of Technology and Engineering, UK Commonwealth Fellowship at University of Cambridge, US Fulbright Fellowship at University of California, Berkeley as well as Visiting Scientists Program of Office of Naval Research Global at both Harvard University and Stanford University. He is currently Professor of Complex Systems and Associate Director (Research) of Institute for Intelligent Systems Research and Innovation, Deakin University, Australia.

**Choo Yit Hong** is currently doing his Ph.D. degree at Institute for Intelligent Systems Research and Innovation, Deakin University, Australia.  His research focuses on developing state-of-the-art multi-objective optimisation algorithms and applying them to solve real-world problems. His project is a joint PhD program with Rail Manufacturing Cooperative Research Centre, working on optimising the maintenance schedules for rolling stocks with industrial partners in Melbourne and Sydney.  Specifically, he utilises advanced data analytics to extract information from complex databases and develops an evolutionary-based decision support tool to assist industrial partners in formulating an optimal maintenance schedule for rolling stocks. In addition to academic endeavours, he works with Ultimate Victoria to deliver ultimate frisbee coaching sessions to primary and secondary schools in the Geelong region. He has been recently promoted to Head Coach of the Victorian Under 22 Country/Tasmania team for 2023 and has received the Ellipsis Coaching Scholarship to further his coaching career in ultimate frisbee.

*Session Details:*
Date: 30 January 2023, Monday
Time: 11.00 am - 12.30 pm (Malaysia Time)
Venue: Meeting Room 2 @ Level 5, Building 6 (Room 6-5-36)